Add a.js client hints documentation (#4841)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/spec/common.md

    },
    "groupId": "12345",
    "timezone": "Europe/Amsterdam",
    "userAgent": "Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_15_7) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/113.0.0.0 Safari/537.36",
    "userAgentData": {
      "brands": [
        {
          "brand": "Google Chrome",
          "version": "113"
        },
        {
          "brand": "Chromium",
          "version": "113"
        },
        {
          "brand": "Not-A.Brand",
          "version": "24"
        }
      ],
      "mobile": false,

>       "platform": "macOS"

Reviewer: > This always contains `brands`, `mobile`, `platform`, and may contain `bitness`, `model`, `platformVersion`,`uaFullVersion`, `fullVersionList`, `wow64`, if [requested]

Shouldn't this contain everything?

Author: I could add them, I wasn't sure if it should contain the optional fields as well

| `groupId`   | String  | Group / Account ID. <br><br> This is useful in B2B use cases where you need to attribute your non-group calls to a company or account. It is relied on by several Customer Success and CRM tools.                                                                                                               |
| `traits`    | Object  | Dictionary of `traits` of the current user. <br><br> This is useful in cases where you need to `track` an event, but also associate information from a previous `identify` call. You should fill this object the same way you would fill traits in an [identify call](/docs/connections/spec/identify/#traits). |
| `userAgent` | String  | User agent of the device making the request.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

> | `userAgentData` | Object | User agent data of the device making the request. Always contains `brands`, `mobile`, `platform`, and may contain `bitness`, `model`, `platformVersion`,`uaFullVersion`, `fullVersionList`, `wow64`, if [requested](docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/#client-hints) and available. <br><br> Only populates if the [Client Hints API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/User-Agent_Client_Hints_API) is available on the browser. <br><br> This may contain more information than is available in the `userAgent` in some cases.                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `userAgentData` | Object | The user agent data of the device making the request. This always contains `brands`, `mobile`, `platform`, and may contain `bitness`, `model`, `platformVersion`,`uaFullVersion`, `fullVersionList`, `wow64`, if [requested](docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/#client-hints) and available. <br><br> This populates if the [Client Hints API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/User-Agent_Client_Hints_API){:target="_blank"} is available on the browser. <br><br> This may contain more information than is available in the `userAgent` in some cases.                                                                                                                                |
```

> | `userAgentData` | Object | The user agent data of the device making the request. This always contains `brands`, `mobile`, `platform`, and may contain `bitness`, `model`, `platformVersion`,`uaFullVersion`, `fullVersionList`, `wow64`, if [requested](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/#client-hints) and available. <br><br> This populates if the [Client Hints API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/User-Agent_Client_Hints_API){:target="_blank"} is available on the browser. <br><br> This may contain more information than is available in the `userAgent` in some cases.                                                                                                                                |

Author: Brands, mobile, and platform are always available (if Client Hints are available), the rest are on request. That's what is specified here unless I'm misunderstanding your question

> | `userAgentData` | Object | The user agent data of the device making the request. This always contains `brands`, `mobile`, `platform`, and may contain `bitness`, `model`, `platformVersion`,`uaFullVersion`, `fullVersionList`, `wow64`, if [requested](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/#client-hints) and available. <br><br> This populates if the [Client Hints API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/User-Agent_Client_Hints_API){:target="_blank"} is available on the browser. <br><br> This may contain more information than is available in the `userAgent` in some cases.                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: I misread!

  
- The Android library collects `screen.density` with [this method](/docs/connections/spec/common/#context-fields-automatically-collected).

> - userAgentData is only collected if the [Client Hints API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/User-Agent_Client_Hints_API) is available on the browser.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- userAgentData is only collected if the [Client Hints API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/User-Agent_Client_Hints_API){:target="_blank"} is available on the browser.
```
